Now, so that we have like initialized all the global variables, all the objects which are going to
be required in this project now in the next step, we are going to be concerned about launching the
application.
And we have already mentioned it here also.
So we have created the last name did not stress is our Java, and now we are worried about functionalities
for launching that application.
So firstly, we have to create our function, of course, so that we can move forward in order to add
anything inside.
So it is going to be a main function taking string Yuman and.
After which August, so we have created our function and inside this function, we are going to like
add cases for the running of the application, opening the lake application in a separate window and
then other processes involved here.
So this is the required functionality for launching of the application, and this consists of try and
get error like exceptional handling method.
And this is going to handle all the exception, if suppose there are any complexities in right around
time of the application.
So this try and get exception handling methods are health listing that if like or try to open this new
window and windows not like we are setting the bar.
So true, we have already covered this that by default.
Visibility is set to floors, so in order to make the frame visible in a new window, we have the visibility
to through.
So I suppose like we are trying to open this window, and if some exception arises, then we will like
get that exception and we will bring stacked three frames, that is.
And this is going to handle the exception, like any of that is occurring by launching of that application.
Yes.
And this event you invoke later is handling the running.
But as we know, we have already seen that the window was responsive and the difference difference in
that window is going to handle with the help of this statement.
And this will make the window unable after this covering offer running late launching the application.
But our next concern is to create the application like how to handle functions of the lead layout,
the buttons and everything inside Loughnane so far creating that application for us.
We are going to initialize public and this function, which is going to initialize the application like
initially the Windows features opening.
I already show new and empty off nine blocks is going to open when we like run the application.
So this is going to be responsible for that initialization and we are done with this now in the next
one.
We are going to set conditions for winning of the game, like who is going to win the game.
This race should be placed here.
And then this is said the initialize.
Functionally, you do not need to worry about that.
This is just explained here as after the like launching of the application, obviously the initialization
should take place.
So after this, if we are creating a duplicate game, so we have to set conditions for winning or losing
off specific player like suppose if one player are, then we lose or if the game draws, then we have
to set a condition for that also.
So we have created this private void running game function and inside this we have to write queries
for makers specific player then.
So suppose firstly, we want to like avoid that.
Like suppose firstly, for Player X so far played X, what are the winning conditions we are going to
look up to in this spot?
So we have said, like if condition that is going to be responsible for checking on like event x x satisfies,
all the conditions are known.
So if we run and we do is equal to one and b t is equal to one, then X will win.
So let me explain this.
Like what?
Actually this if?
Is doing.
So this is the launching frame like the mean setup function for launching of the application and that
is responsible for launching off this frame.
Now suppose that we said that if conversion, let's be one and be two and three is equal to one.
So what that actually means?
So suppose that we have nine blocks.
This is the one we need to be three three four five six seven eight and May nine.
There are nine blocks and blocks in the beginning in that structure.
And we are checking that the work is split X-mas.
So if, like the X comes here, head on here, firstly, we are going to check for the horizontal like
look up like on configuration of the building.
And this consecutive two occurrence of X will be responsible for making X then.
So in the information we are, I think that only that is the three in a row becomes equal, then X is
going to win.
So I hope you understood what this if statement is signified.
So I already shown you.
That's what happens when a specific player wins like three games in a row, but then it can be horizontal,
vertical or.
This dialog box up best showing that player Nash wins, and we are going to set that function for that
only inside Gardam condition.
So he is here to face this year.
Option Pain Dot Sure, Message Dialog is responsible for that dialog box.
That Pop-Up Box mixes up any specific experiments, and this consists of a frame, a message which is
in our string former displaying that Player X lens and awesome just is the title of that same how you
can see and after which we have the option pane information missing.
We have called these two options been heading an information message which is displayed and we are facing
best graphics by one.
This is responsible.
Like initially, we have set this to zero and we are implementing this five run effects wins and then
said test string value off like we are in setting the X count in this goal box that we have rendered
the score and now we are fixing me to this block on me.
And similarly, we are going to do this for all the 2D throws mark.
Suppose if that is, if there should be as supportive one, two and three gongs in a row, there should
be as garnishing also.
So basically, it is not about the s condition.
Let me call it as if condition makes.
Suppose this happens, then this is going to be displayed as if this happens, then more is going to
happen.
So we have to like analyze things that what are the possibilities of the making of player win samples
that we are considering?
And what are the condition for making X men?
So this is a one two three four five six seven eight nine lot, and I like that.
So analyze that.
What are the two conditions which will make x one?
So if one totally comes in at all and four, five, six and seven eight nine.
Similarly, one, four and seven comes in a row equal to one right and operator.
And this is like goal five and ID, and this is three, six and nine.
So we have to set conditions for these three combinations like total.
We have three, three three and totally we talked about six conditions.
So we are going to copy this same pain and paste it inside and assess block, as we call it.
So copying this part and then again, copying it inside this same public like private white and then
you can gain function and pasting it so will tell all four, five more times.
So I am pasting it five more things.
We are done this three four and this is fine.
Now we will update the B variable inside everything.
So we are done with one, two, three.
Now we will change it to one.
We are changing it like, let's check one two three now one, four and seven.
So we will update it here with two, one, four and seven.
So this is going to be four and this is going to be seven in the similar way for all the other.
Once we're done with one, four, seven now, what are the other possibilities this this is covered
now two, four and six should be taken into consideration.
So suppose this becomes equal.
So this is going to be before and this is going to be six.
And inside this issue, we have to protect ourselves and of course, we will update it with N70 when?
And after that, we will be updating this everything.
Let's quickly analyze the inside structure of bias and assess statements so they options are going to
be seen.
The inside component of this is that statement won't change.
What are all the nine common issues we are going to ask for a specific player when we have nine possible
combinations, like nine one eight, like we can't one two three four, five, six, seven and eight.
So yes, there are certain eight possible combinations.
So it is best make better win, whether it be X or it be zero.
So we've made, I think, like nine they found outstanding shows.
An insight into the structure of the board will remain the same for X in the in all and eight cases.
Just this if things will change in every code.
So yes, let's try to like change it with this statement says we have successfully like updated everything,
life conditions and coordination with the possibilities of Planet X many.
We are 10 total one two three four five six seven and total, yes, total.
So yes, totally.
If conditions are there for making that excellent now in this similar to me, we will be writing code
for May all running inside this private void running game function as well.
So let's take a look at this in the next part of this series.